What is web scraping;
	Web scraping is the idea of exctracting data from websites by running
	a script and store that data to a database a json file, excel, csv, sql.
Why is it used;
	It can be used for personal reasons for example Let's say someone wants
	to buy a phone from amazon. There are millions of sellers and millions
	of phones to choose from. With web scraping someone can create a script
	that with a specific set of rules lets say that we want the phone to have
	4 gb of ram, android operating system, etc we can automatically make the script
	search amazon for us and find us all the products that meet our requirments
	and store them sorted by price in a database.
How can AI improve it?
	Web scraping applications and AI
	Web scraping involves writing a software robot that can automatically 
	collect data from various webpages. Simple bots might get the job done, 
	but more sophisticated bots use AI to find the appropriate data on a 
	page and copy it to the appropriate data field to be processed by an 
	analytics application. A website can change it's format at anytime
	a simple bot will fail it must be written again but a trained AI bot
	can understand the changes and find the specific fields that it has been
	trained to find.
How it can be useful on a larger scale ?​
	AI web scraping-based use cases include 
	e-commerce
	(websites like amazon control the market and thus scraping prices
	and creating statistics and analytics can be very useful), 
	labor research
	(The skill of knowing how to create a web scraper is in demand), 
	supply chain analytics
	(Supply chain management software refers to applications
	used in managin company's supply chain, supplier relationship and all 
	business methods related to it)
	, enterprise data capture 
	(Intelligent enterprise data capture software 
	uses different types of technologies such as optical character 
	recognition, intelligent document recognition, and handwriting 
	recognition. Optical character recognition technology is used to 
	convert different types of machine-printed documents, such as image 
	files, PDF files, or scanned paper documents, into searchable and 
	editable data. Intelligent document recognition technology helps 
	recognise and capture handwritten printed characters from image files. 
	Handwriting recognition is the ability of a mobile device or a computer
	 to take as input handwriting from sources such as printed physical 
	documents, pictures and other devices, or to use handwriting as a 
	direct input to a touchscreen and then interpret this as text)
	and 
	market research
	( is the process fo collecting, analyzing and interpreting data 
	about your target market consumers, competitors and the industry as a whole.)